---
layout: post
title: MP-400
date: 2017-05-18
description:
icon: /assets/img/robots/neobotix-mp-400/mt400.jpg
image: /assets/img/robots/neobotix-mp-400/mp400.jpg
introduction: Neobotix MP-400 is a small, agile robot for material flow and intralogistics in industrial applications. Automatic charging station and load handling system available.
main-class: 'ground'
color: '#266099'
tags:
- 'mobile base'
- 'diff-drive'
- 'industrial'
- 'retail'
twitter_text: Checkout the Neobotix MP-400
website: http://www.neobotix-robots.com/mobile-robot-mp-400.html
wiki_homepage: http://wiki.ros.org/Robots/neobotix/mp_400
---

## Neobotix MP-400 

The mobile robot MP-400 was designed for daily use in industrial applications. Its construction is based on the best elements of our well proven robots but also includes many innovative ideas.

The MP-400's primary task is the flexible material transport in intralogistics. This small, agile robot can cover connections that cannot be realised with stationary conveyors or traditional AGVs.

If required, the MP-400 can also easily be used in more demanding applications. Other possible tasks include mobile manipulation with an integrated robot arm or the whole field of service robotics research.

* Payload:
  * Default 100 kg, high payload 150 kg
* Dimensions:
  * 590 x 559 x 411 (LxWxH, in mm)
* Speed:
  * <1.5 m/s
* Uptime:	
  * up to 10h or
  * up to 8km
* Sensors:
  * 1 x 2D laser scanner
  * 6 x ultrasonic sensors (optional)
* Control via:
  * External PC (WLAN)
  * On-board computer

## Transport robot MT-400

The transport robot MT-400 is a modification of the basic mobile robot MP-400, featuring extensions for material flow applications. One example of a load handling device is the integrated roller conveyor which allows the MT-400 to automatically receive and deliver suitable goods, like boxes or crates. 

When combined with the automatic charging station these robots can operate fully autonomously without interaction with human workers and without the need for changing the batteries between shifts. The charging station can be modified to include an optional control computer. This allows the operator to conveniently reprogram the robots in case the applications or the environment have changed.

## Videos

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/k31-LZTkNRo" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
