---
layout: post
title: RB Kairos
date: 2020-12-09
description:
icon: /assets/img/robots/rb-kairos/icon.png
image: /assets/img/robots/rb-kairos/image.png
introduction: RB-KAIROS+ is presented as a solution for Universal Robots e-Series users
main-class: 'ground'
color: ''
tags:
- 'autonomous'
- 'logistics'
- 'omni'
- 'research'
- 'robotnik'
twitter_text: Checkout the RB Kairos
website: https://robotnik.eu/products/mobile-manipulators/rb-kairos/
wiki_homepage: 
---

RB-KAIROS+ is a robotic platform designed for the plug&play integration of Universal Robots e-Series arms. Its software and hardware are fully prepared to mount the arm and thus turn the robotic arm into a mobile manipulator. This allows unlimited expansion of the cobot workspace, because the collaborative mobile manipulator can work in different locations.  In this sense, it enables a wide range of new applications and it is a great complement for current URe arm users.

RB-KAIROS+ is extremely useful for industrial applications such as pick and place, part feeding, metrology, quality control, operations on large parts or packaging, cleaning, polishing, screwing, drilling, etc. Without a doubt, it is an excellent way to improve the productivity of any factory.

In addition, RB-KAIROS+ has been designed to be a collaborative mobile manipulator able to work in industrial environments. Thanks to its safety laser scanners (optional), the robot can safely share the workspace with the operators.

RB-KAIROS+ has a robust steel design and can carry up to 250 Kg. The mobile platform has omnidirectional / skid-steering kinematics based on 4  high power wheel motors.

RB-KAIROS+ can navigate autonomously and can be configured with a wide range of sensors and components found within the UR+ ecosystem.

The product is supplied standalone or completely integrated.

RB-KAIROS+ is a UR+ certified product.

## Related Repositories

 * [rbkairos_sim](https://github.com/RobotnikAutomation/rbkairos_sim)

## Videos

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/EHrEVDRioyU" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## More Information

 * [ Robotnik Rb Kairos](https://robotnik.eu/products/mobile-manipulators/rb-kairos/)
