---
layout: post
title: IR-R300
date: 2020-06-08
description:
icon: /assets/img/robots/ir-r300/R300-1.png
image: /assets/img/robots/ir-r300/R300-2.png
introduction: IR-R300 is the last generation of logistics and transportation robots.It uses the last navigation method without any magnetic system.Strip, reflector, QR code, intelligent obstacle avoidance, eliminating the need for traditional AVG.Intelligent, flexible, safe, can be deployed in just half day.The overall cost is lower than similar products.
main-class: 'ground'
color: '#0000FF'
tags:
- 'autonomous'
- 'diff-drive'
- 'elevator'
- 'indoor'
- 'logistics robot'
- 'mobile robot'
- 'research'
twitter_text: Checkout the IR-R300
website: http://amrobots.net/en/ir-m300-3/
wiki_homepage: https://github.com/Sunspeed-Robotics/R300
---

# **IR-R300**

**IR-R300** is the last generation of logistics and transportation robots.It uses the last navigation method without any magnetic system.Strip, reflector, QR code,intelligent obstacle avoidance, eliminatingthe need for traditional AVG.Intelligent,flexible, safe, can be deployed in just half day.The overall cost is lower than similar products.

Website: <http://amrobots.net/en>

---

## **Features**

---

### **Autonomous navigation**

New generation of navigation: no need for guides infrastructure  or predefined path. Live navigation based on maps.

### **Interact with the environment**

Use the WiFi to close the door, control and use the elevator  Can monitor the fire disaster

### **Detect and avoid obstacles**

Multi-laser 360 Ultra sonic sensor easy to avoid obstacles Safe navigation in environment with mobile equipment.  360 rotation can move forward or backward without turning around.  can easily pass through narrow space.24 hours a day, 7 days a wee, easy to expand.Saving financial resources, easy to use and reduce training time.

### **Multi-robot collaboration, Flexible dispatching**

PAD mobile phone, computer can be controlled. a variety of  operating modes,  pre-Set task sorting. virtual sensor.

### **Safety-complies with international scheduling**

Safety Lidar ISO/EN 13849 category performance, etc. Level 270 detection range 3DM safety range 8M warning zone 2M emergency declaration zone.

---

## **Specifications**

---

- **Size :** 1031mm * 5675 * 320mm
- **Weigh :** 75kg  
- **Operation mode :** Differential wheeled robot
- **Payload :** 300KG
- **Running time :** 10 hours
- **Max speed :** 2m/s
- **Turning radius :**  0 m
- **Accuracy :** +/-1cm
- **Obstacles :** 5cm
- **Communication:**

  - WIFI Dual-band wireless AC/G/N/B
  - Bluetooth 4.0 LE
  - Range : 10-20m
  - I/Os USB and Ethernet

- **Safety sensors:**
  - Laser scanners 2 * 270 visuatection
  - 3D camera
  - Object detection : 5-50cm
  - Ultra sonic scanners (2 pcs)
- **Power :**
  - Battery LifePO4, 40Ah
  - Charging time up to 3 hours (0-80%: 1 hours)
  - Internal charger input: 100-230Vac, 50-60Hz
  - Output 48V max 30Az
